Feat/#340 - Taipy Core version control documentation (#346)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/versioning/experiment_mode.md

# Name a version

You can explicitly define the name of an _experiment_ version by providing the name
in the command line.

```console
$ python main.py -l
Version number                         Mode                   Creation date
325d0618-6f9e-459b-9597-48fa93a57a23   Experiment (latest)    2023-01-25 12:20:56
26e56e84-9e7e-4a26-93f6-443d9aa541d9   Development            2023-01-25 12:20:33

$ python main.py --experiment 1.0
[2023-01-25 12:24:19,613][Taipy][INFO] job JOB_my_print_algo_9b6232f9-601e-4a85-852e-2ada7bc1e459 is completed.
nb scenarios: 1

$ python main.py -l
Version number                         Mode                   Creation date
1.0                                    Experiment (latest)    2023-01-25 12:24:19
325d0618-6f9e-459b-9597-48fa93a57a23   Experiment             2023-01-25 12:20:56
26e56e84-9e7e-4a26-93f6-443d9aa541d9   Development            2023-01-25 12:20:33
```

With `--experiment 1.0` option, an _experiment_ version is created and stored under
the name "1.0".

In this example, you can see the number of scenarios displayed is still 1. Taipy
only considered the scenarios of the 1.0 version, and filters out the entities of

> the other versions.

Author: ```suggestion
other versions.
```

# Run an existing version

To run an existing _experiment_ version, the configuration of the application must
be the same. No change must be done. You can run a Taipy application on your
command line interface with `--experiment VERSION` option and the name of the existing version.

```console
$ python main.py -l
Version number                         Mode                   Creation date
1.0                                    Experiment (latest)    2023-01-25 12:24:19
325d0618-6f9e-459b-9597-48fa93a57a23   Experiment             2023-01-25 12:20:56
26e56e84-9e7e-4a26-93f6-443d9aa541d9   Development            2023-01-25 12:20:33

$ python main.py --experiment 1.0
[2023-01-25 12:28:54,963][Taipy][INFO] job JOB_my_print_algo_2133dc18-643b-4351-872b-aedfc2c65c9c is completed.

> nb scenarios: 2

Author: When someone runs the code example that we provide, the number of scenarios is not shown on cli right? 

Can we have a better way to demonstrate this?

Reviewer: Yes it is. I added a print in the main.py file.

Reviewer: here is a screenshot of my command line prompt:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88036007/214660784-7521ad70-dfd5-446d-80b2-f52e84ae7e0a.png)

Author: Forgive me if I miss it, but I can't find the print command in the code example that we provide

Reviewer: OH right That s my bad. I forgot to update python files...

$ python main.py -l
Version number                         Mode                   Creation date
1.0                                    Experiment (latest)    2023-01-25 12:24:19
325d0618-6f9e-459b-9597-48fa93a57a23   Experiment             2023-01-25 12:20:56
26e56e84-9e7e-4a26-93f6-443d9aa541d9   Development            2023-01-25 12:20:33
```

As you can see, this time the number of scenarios displayed is 2. Indeed, we run

> twice the 1.0 version, so we have two scenarios attached to it. Scenarios from other

Author: ```suggestion
the 1.0 version twice, so we have two scenarios attached to it. Scenarios from other
```

versions are filtered out.

# Clean entities of an existing version

> To run the _experiment_ version with a fresh start, you can run using _experiment_

Author: ```suggestion
To run an _experiment_ version with a fresh start, you can run on _experiment_
```

comments=false
%}
```

```console
$ python main.py --experiment 1.0
[2023-01-25 12:52:05,484][Taipy][WARNING] The Configuration of version 1.0 is conflict with the current Python Config.
Added object:
        DATA_NODE "output" has attribute "description" added: What a description

To override these changes, run your application with --force option.
```

In the example above, when re-running version 1.0, Taipy detects and displays all
the differences, so you precisely know what has been changed and can decide what
to do. Either you revert your configuration changes, or you can run the application
with the `--force` option to force Taipy to update the configuration of the provided
version before re-running the application.

```console
$ python main.py --experiment 1.0 --force
[2023-01-25 12:55:05,484][Taipy][WARNING] The Configuration of version 1.0 is conflict with the current Python Config.
[2023-01-25 12:52:05,692][Taipy][WARNING] Overriding version 1.0 ...
[2023-01-25 12:52:05,890][Taipy][INFO] job JOB_my_print_algo_96ed74ed-183b-4dff-86c9-3b733d4d9bd9 is completed.
nb scenarios: 2
```

As you can see on the previous example, the application run correctly after updating

> the configuration. A new scenario has been created submitted.

Author: ```suggestion
the configuration. A new scenario has been created.
```
